TS-35044 Fork of 'istanbul-lib-instrument' to evolve it. (#52)
cqse/teamscale-javascript-profiler: packages/lib-instrument/CHANGELOG.md

We use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

# New Release

> * Forked from `lib-istanbul-coverage' v6.0.0 for evolving it.

Reviewer: "evolving" sounds kind of vague. How about: 
```suggestion
* Forked from `lib-istanbul-coverage' v6.0.0 to better align it with the Teamscale Javascript Profiler.
```
